add sign in instruction and a clearing cookies warning (#45798)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally.md

This single command will fire up all the services, including the API server and the client applications available for you to work on.

> [!NOTE]

> > Once ready, open a web browser and **visit <http://localhost:8000>**. If the app loads, sign in. Congratulations – you're all set! You now have a copy of freeCodeCamp's entire learning platform running on your local machine.
> 
> > [!TIP]
> > The API Server serves APIs at `http://localhost:3000`. The Gatsby app serves the client application at `http://localhost:8000`
> 
> > If you visit <http://localhost:3000/explorer> you should see the available APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Once ready, open a web browser and **visit <http://localhost:8000>**. If the app loads, congratulations – you're all set! You now have a copy of freeCodeCamp's entire learning platform running on your local machine.

> [!TIP]
> The API Server serves APIs at `http://localhost:3000`. The Gatsby app serves the client application at `http://localhost:8000`

> If you visit <http://localhost:3000/explorer> (AFTER signing in) you should see the available APIs.
```
I wonder if it would be better to add the note here?

Author: If I didn't misunderstanding the tip, you need to log in `localhost:8000`. my issue-as not native english speaker-with adding it to line 263, it maybe misunderstood that you need to log into `localhost:3000`.

but I think I should add

```md
While you are logged in, If you visit <http://localhost:3000/explorer> (AFTER signing in) you should see the available APIs.
```

what do you think about this?

Reviewer: Yes, though we'd remove the `(after signing in)` text. :)
